PRIVACY POLICY
Last updated March 13, 2026

This Privacy Notice for SDA Hymnal MLC ("we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might access, collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your personal information when you use our services ("Services"), including
when you:
• Download and use our mobile application (SDA Hymnal MLC), or any other application of ours that links to this Privacy Notice
• Engage with us in other related ways, including any marketing or events

Questions or concerns?
Reading this Privacy Notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. We are responsible for making decisions about how your personal information is processed. If you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our Services. If you
still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at mlcappsdevco@gmail.com.

Changes to This Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new policy on this page.

WHAT INFORMATION DO WE COLLECT?
We don't collect any information

Data Sharing
We do not sell, trade, or rent any data to third parties because we don't collect information.
We only share data with:
Apple Inc.: To process subscriptions and verify receipts. This is done by Apply Inc directly.


TERMS OF USE
Last updated March 13, 2026
1. Acceptance of Terms
By downloading, installing, or using SDA Hymnal MLC (the "App"), you agree to be bound by these Terms of Use. If you disagree with any part of these terms, do not use the App.

2. Subscription Services
The App offers premium features via auto-renewing subscriptions ("Subscriptions").
Billing: Subscriptions are billed monthly or annually at the rate selected depending on the subscription plan.
Auto-Renewal: Subscriptions automatically renew unless auto-renew is turned off at least 24 hours before the end of the current period.
Cancellation: You may cancel your subscription at any time via your Apple ID settings. Cancellation takes effect at the end of the current billing period.
Refunds: Refunds are handled exclusively by Apple. Please refer to Apple's refund policy or contact Apple Support for refund requests. We do not issue direct refunds.
Suscription covers the cost of tools and features provided by the App only. That also help us keeping supporting the App and adding new tools.

3. User Conduct
You agree not to:
Reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the App.
Use the App for any illegal purpose.
Attempt to interfere with the proper working of the App.

4. Intellectual Property
All features and functionality of the App (including code, design, and graphics) are owned by the developers and are protected by copyright laws.
Musical work including lyrics and music sheets are property of their respective composers, musicians, lyricists, and producers only. 
Annotating on music sheets is considered as photo editing and can be distributed and shared. The intent is to facilitate the use of them in a customized form.
The App and their developers shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages resulting from your use of the App.

5. Disclaimer of Warranties
The App is provided "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" without any warranties of any kind, either express or implied. We do not guarantee that the App will be uninterrupted or error-free, however, we are constantly supporting the development of new features and fixing reported bugs.

6. Limitation of Liability
To the maximum extent permitted by law, we shall not be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages resulting from your use of the App.

7. Governing Law
These Terms shall be governed by the laws of USA, without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Contact Information
For any questions regarding these Terms, please contact us at: mlcappsdevco@gmail.com
